# Vehicle-Control-system
b. Based on room temperature data (Take it as input from console, we will assume  that this is the sensor read value) i. If temperature less than 10, Turn AC ON and set  temperature to 20 ii. If temperature is greater than 30, Turn AC ON and set  temperature to 20 iii. If temperature is otherwise, Turn AC OFF c. Based on engine temperature data (Take it as input from console, we will  assume that this is the sensor read value) i. If temperature less than 100, Turn “Engine Temperature  Controller” ON and set temperature to 125 ii. If temperature is greater than 150, Turn “Engine Temperature  Controller” ON and set temperature to 125 iii. If temperature is otherwise, Turn “Engine Temperature  Controller” OFF d. If vehicle speed is 30 km/hr i. Turn ON AC if it was OFF and set room temperature to:current  temperature * (5/4) + 1 ii. Turn ON “Engine Temperature Controller”  if it was OFF and set engine  temperature to: current temperature * (5/4) + 1 e. Display the current vehicle state after applying 7.a to 7.d i. Engine state: ON/OFF. ii. AC: ON/OFF. iii. Vehicle Speed. iv. Room Temperature. v. Engine Temperature Controller State. vi. Engine Temperature.8. If chose in menu of requirement 5 to “Turn off the engine”, the menu of  requirement 1 must be displayed. 9. Bonus Requirement: Create #define WITH_ENGINE_TEMP_CONTROLLER, if this  #define is 1 then compile/run the code lines that are related to the “Engine  Temperature Controller, else do not compile/run. (Code that implements 5-d, 7-c,  7-d-ii, 7-e-v and 7-e-vi) 10. Check this video: https://youtu.be/i89M2azHeWM Notes •        To get an character input use: printf("a. Turn on the vehicle engine\n"); printf("b. Turn off the vehicle engine\n"); printf("c. Quit the system\n\n"); scanf(“ %c”,&amp;input); Make sure you left a space before %c to prevent scanf function from take new line or  enter from the above printf functions as input. •        For the bonus requirement, search for how to use preprocessor directive like below in  C Language. #if (CONDITION) … #endif This topic will be discussed later in C For Embedded Systems (Embedded C) Course. Thanks and Good Luck Eng / Mohamed Tarek
